[Autogenerated] before we get into the specifics off Amazon Sage
Maker Built in algorithms Let's build our foundation and understand
common parameters used by these algorithms.
A channel name is a named input source that a training algorithm can consume.
Usually it's the string that represents the path to the
directory that contains the input data.
You can specify more than one input channels to specify.
Both train and tested a source registry,
part Amazon uses elastic container registry,
also called E C.
R, to actively maintain the built in algorithms.
This is a fully managed Docker container where sage maker team actively
updates the latest version off that specific algorithms.
Input more.
This is a reading.
More to read the input data finally type.
This is a file type off input data instantiate
class instantiate Lasses specified.
If the training more can use CPU are GPU are both distributed.
If the algorithms can be Padley, run in a distributed in grandma.
Let's take a look at the different file types that
are supported by sage maker Text.
Fine.
A simple text file with one sentence per line that is
separated by space CSV comma separated values.
This is a simple file format to store tabular data on the
requirement is that the first column must always be the labor
JSON JavaScript Object rotation,
which is a lightweight data exchange farmer record.
Aibel.
This is primarily used to exchange binary data formats.
Here.
The data is diverted into multiple chunks, called records.
On each.
A chunk is prevented by its length in bytes Parky.
It's open source file format,
where the data is stored in a column format instead off a typical roof format.
This is highly preferred while processing larger quantities of
data because off its storage on performance,
there are two supported modes of operation to read the input data.
First one is file mode in file mode.
All the data is frustrated from your Amazon S3 storage to your training.
Instance.
Before the actual training is perform in, fight more.
The data is streamed directly from the storage volume. Streaming data offers better performance compared to the file more operation